A boat doesn’t go forward if each one is rowing their own way. Proverb
A good laugh and long sleep are two best cures for anything.
A healthy man wants a thousand things, a sick man only wants one.
A leader must inspire or his team will expire. (Orrin Woodward, Author)
A smile is an inexpensive way to change your looks.
A quiet and modest life brings more joy than a pursuit of success bound with constant unrest. (Albert Einstein)
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. (Walt Disney)
Alone we can do so little, together we can do so much. (Helen Keller)
Always behave like a duck. Keep calm and unruffled on the surface but paddle with great vigor underneath.
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. - Benjamin Franklin
An ounce of performance is worth pounds of promises.  Mae West
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. Albert Einstein
Be as simple as you can be; you will be astonished to see how uncomplicated and happy your life can become. (Paramahansa Yogananda)
Be curious, not judgemental. (Walt Whitman)
Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life.  Omar Khayyam
Be the change that you wish to see in the world. (Mahatma Gandhi)
Behavior is a function of a person in their environment. In other words, B = f(P,E) (Lewins Equation)
Being a happier me led to more confidence, creativity and productivity, more meaningful relationships, with others and with myself.
Believe you can and you're halfway there. (Theodore Roosevelt)
Better to understand little than to misunderstand a lot.
Blowing out another man's flame doesn't make your shine any brighter, but less.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. Confucius
Creativity is just connecting things. (Steve Jobs)
Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works. (Steve Jobs)
Do a little more every day than you think you can.
Do not wish to be anything but what you are, and try to be that perfectly.
Do what is “Right”, not what is “Easy”.
Do the best you can. No one can do more than that. (John Wooden)
Do. Or do not. There is no try. (Yoda, Jedi Master)
Done is better than perfect.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better. (Samuel Beckett)
Every man dies; but not every man really lives. (Braveheart)
Every skill you acquire doubles your odds of success. (Scott Adams)
Everybody solves problems, even the make believe ones. To make your life worthwhile, go after problems that are worth solving. (RT) 
Everything will be all right in the end. If its not all right, it is not yet the end. (Hotel Manager, The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel)
Failure is always temporary, only giving up makes it permanant.
Genius is eternal patience. (Michaelangelo)
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe. (Abraham Lincoln)
Growth only occurs in a state of discomfort. (Bill Eckstrom, TED Speaker)
Habits are the compound interest of self-improvement. (James Clear)
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.  Mahatma Gandhi
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever. (Chinese proverb)
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. (Gautam Buddha)
I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 different kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times. (Bruce Lee)
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. Mark Twain
I might be slow but I will keep my flow. I wont stop till I reach the top. (Major DP Singh)
Ideas are easy. Implementation is hard. (Guy Kawasaki)
If you aim at nothing, you'll hit it every time.
If you always do what you always did, you'll always get what you always got.
If you are headed in the wrong direction, God allows U-turns.
If you are never scared, embarrassed or hurt, it means you never take chances.
If you are not big enough to lose you are too small to win.
If you are not enjoying your work, you should either change your attitude, or change your job. (Leo Tolstoy)
If you are not fired with enthusiasm, then you will be fired with enthusiasm. (Vince Lombardi)
If you are not part of the solution, you are part of the precipitate.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow. (Chinese Proverb)
If you are willing to admit you are wrong when you are wrong, you are all right.
If you believe everything you read, don't read (chinese proverb)
If you can’t measure it, you can’t improve it. (Peter Drucker/ Lord Kelvin)
If you do what is easy your life will be hard. But if you do what is hard your life will be easy. (Les Brown)
If you cannot explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. (Albert Einstein)
If you cannot measure it, you cannot improve it. (Attributed to Lord Kelvin / Peter Drucker)
If you do your best, don't mind the rest. (Irish Proverb)
If you don't have time to do it right, you must have time to do it over.
If you don't keep your country clean, nobody can do that for you.
If you don't know where you are going, every road will get you nowhere. (Henry Kissinger)
If you set the example, you won't need to set many rules. (Mama Zigler)
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it. (Andrew A. Rooney)
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything. (Mark Twain)
If you want to learn something, read about it, to understand it, write about it, and to master it, teach it.
If “Plan A” didn’t work. Don’t worry; the alphabet has 25 more letters.
Imagination is more important than intelligence.(Albert Einstein)
In teamwork, silence isn’t golden, it’s deadly. Mark Sanborn
In a world that's changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks. (Mark Zuckerberg)
In the end only three things matter: how much you loved, how gently you lived, and how gracefully you let go of things not meant for you. (Anonymous)
Integrity is what you do when no one is watching you.
It always seems impossible until it is done. (Nelson Mandela)
It is amazing how much people can get done if they do not worry about who gets the credit. Sandra Swinney
It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness.  Charles Spurgeon
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are. E.E. Cummings
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. (Harry S Truman)
It's not that l'm so smart, it's just thnt I stay with problems longer (Albert Einstein)
It's your attitude and not your aptitude that will determine your altitude. (Zig Ziglar)
It's kind of fun to do the impossible. (Walt Disney)
Its the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter. (Marlene Dietrich)
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Law is often but the tyrant's will, and always so when it violates the right of an individual. (Thomas Jefferson)
Learning never exhausts the mind. (Leonardo Da Vinci)
Learning any subject starts with finding the what, investigating the how and then discovering all the whys. (RT) 
Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.
Life isn't about getting and having, it's about giving and being. (Kevin Kruse)
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. (Mahatma Gandhi)
Lost time is never found again.
Move fast and break things. Unless you are breaking stuff, you are not moving fast enough. (Mark Zuckerberg)
Minds are like parachutes-they only function when open.
Most people overestimate what they can achieve in a year and underestimate what they can achieve in ten years. (Bill Gates)
Never become so much of an expert that you stop gaining experience. View life as a continuous learning experience. (Denis Waitley)
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. (Harriet Beecher Stowe)
Never let formal education get in the way of learning. (Mark Twain)
No person was honored for what he received, honor has been the reward for what he gave. (Calvin Coolidge)
On any topic, once you can answer the what, how and why of it, only then you can say that you know something about it. (RT)
One thing you can't recycle is wasted time.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. (Robert F Kennedy)
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. (T.S. Eliot)
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. (Thomas A. Edison)
Peace begins with a smile.  (Mother Teresa)
People don't fail, they give up.
People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity, no matter how impressive their other talents. (Andrew Carnegie)
Perfection is finally attained not when there is no longer anything to add, but when there is no longer anything to take away. (Antoine de Saint-Exupéry)
Proper Prior Planning Prevents Poor Performance. (6P's of an army adage) 
People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. – Maya Angelou
Poor people work. Rich people network (Robert Kiyosaki)
Repetition is the mother of all learning. (Roman Proverb)
Retirement: It's nice to get out of the rat race, but you have to learn to get along with less cheese. (Gene Perret)
Say NO to Plastic, Mother Earth finds it Drastic.
Simple can be harder than complex; you have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple. Steve Jobs
Some goals are so worthy, it's glorious even to fail. Capt Manoj Pandey PvC
Some people think holding on makes them strong, sometimes its letting go.
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. (Warren Buffet)
Sometimes the problem is to discover what the problem is. (Gordon Glegg)
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. (Francis of Assisi)
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. (Albert Einstein)
Success can never be achieved by the person who does the most every day. Instead, success is always achieved by the person who does the most important thing every day. (Anonymous)
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. (Winston Churchill)
Success is 1% inspiration and 99% work.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. (Winston Churchill)
Success is not the key to happiness. But happiness is the key to success.
Success does not fuel happiness; its happiness that fuels success - in every area of your life.
Successful people are simply those with successful habits. (Brian Tracy)
Technology should either be beautiful, or it must be invisible. (John Sculley, Former CEO, Apple quoting Jobs)
That man is the richest, whose pleasures are the cheapest. (Henry David Thoreau)
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
The difference between success and failure is a great team.
The future is purchased by the present.
The happiest people don't have the best of everything, they just make the best of everything. (Anonymous)
The happiness of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts.
The idea behind prioritization is that we have limited resources. Time and attention. (Anonymous)
The only people, scientific or other, who never make mistakes are those that do nothing. (Thomas Huxley)
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. (Edmunde Burke)
The pursuit of happiness is the chase of a life time.
The more pride you have in a particular aspect of your identity, the more motivated you will be to maintain the habits associated with it. (James Clear)
The more time you spend not practicing, the more successful you begin to believe you are. (An author on Quora)
The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war. (Norman Schwarzkopf)
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standard they set for themselves. (Ray Kroc) 
The secret of true greatness is simplicity.
The speed of the boss is the speed of the team. (Lee Iacocca, Businessman, 18th-greatest American CEO of all time)
The surest way to succeed is to always try just one more time.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time. - Leo Tolstoy
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. (Mark Twain)
The task is not so much to see what no one has yet seen, but to think what nobody has yet thought, about that which everyone sees. (Arthur Schopenhauer)
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting. (Gautam Buddha)
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved.  George Sand
Those who say it can't be done are usually interrupted by others doing it.
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it. (George Santayana)
True generosity toward the future consists in giving everything to the present. (Albert Camus)
To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart. (Eleanor Roosevelt)
To be prepared for war is one of the most effective means of preserving peace. (George Washington)
Violence is the refuge of the incompetent.
War does not determine who is right - only who is left. (Bertrand Russell)
Waste, once mixed, can't be Fixed.
We do not inherit the earth from our ancestors; we borrow it from our children.
What lies behind us, and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Whats more important than what happens to you is the attitude that you take towards what happens to you.
When character is gained, everything is gained.
Wisdom is knowing what to do with what you know.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present. (Bill Keane)
You can gift your children a clean and green world to live in.
You don’t rise to the occasion, you sink to the level of your training. (Lt. Col. Dave Grossman)
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. (Wayne Gretzky)
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. (Mae West)
You will face many defeats in your life, but never let yourself be defeated.
